SHIPMENT DISCLAIMER 

Before you pay those to me…
I have to let you know the following:

Around Christmas and New Year, I have sent several packages (all posters) to the US. All of them left Chile, but for some reason, some of them (6 at the moment) seem to be stuck in Miami (which is the airport they enter to, coming from Chile). 
So, 6 packages got stuck and ALSO, one arrived broken in two halves (amazing, since the tube is very resistant!!) This is all within the States. I've had once, too, a problem with the Italian Post.

The way of shipment that I propose is INTERNATIONAL CERTIFIED SMALL PACKAGE, using the National Chilean Post Office within Chile. Once the package is in the country of destination, it becomes that country’s Post responsibility.
I do not understand why they hold packages containig posters at the Customs for so long. Only some get stuck, some are even sent back to Chile!! 
But the alternative is to use private POST and this costs around 80 us dollars for the same that you now pay 13 US dollars.
I do not have YET a Liability Release Form within my web site. But through this e-mail you would have to accept that if you choose the Public POST, whatever happens with the USPS is not my responsibility.
I do not like to have to do this, I am sorry.
Sorry for this long explanation.

DO YOU AGREE that I send it to you as I usually do, and that if there is any problem with the package in the States you are in charge of filing claims, getting refunds, and all the process? (That is actually the rule, I can not do anything. The destination person is the USPS' direct customer and the one that needs to go through all that process) I AM NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SHIPMENT. Sending them is a service that I offer since I want to sell my prints :-)

I am preventing any kind of misunderstanding. Still, it is possible that right now it is a better time of the year and nothing will happen. I mean it might all go more normally. (I had not had any problems before the mentioned ones, and I have been using the same system from January last year)

Please let me know if you agree, or if you would like to pay more and use other POST. 
Best regards,

Julieta